Warn against deleting `.julia` folder with deved packages. (#1061)
JuliaLang/IJulia.jl: docs/src/manual/troubleshooting.md

problem you can type `Pkg.build()` to try to rerun the install scripts.
* If you tried it a while ago, try running `Pkg.update()` and try again:
  this will fetch the latest versions of the Julia packages in case

>   the problem you saw was fixed.  Run `Pkg.build("IJulia")` if your Julia version may have changed.  If this doesn't work, you could try just deleting the whole `.julia` directory in your home directory (on Windows, it is called `Users\USERNAME\.julia` in your home directory) via `rm(Pkg.dir(),recursive=true)` in Julia and re-adding the packages. Before you delete the `.julia` directory, make sure you do not have unsaved work in any repository beloinging to developed packages in the subfolder `.julia/dev`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the problem you saw was fixed.  Run `Pkg.build("IJulia")` if your Julia version may have changed.  If this doesn't work, you could try just deleting the whole `.julia/conda` directory in your home directory (on Windows, it is called `Users\USERNAME\.julia\conda` in your home directory) via `rm(abspath(first(DEPOT_PATH), "conda"),recursive=true)` in Julia and re-adding the packages. 
```

Reviewer: Update to recommend deleting just ~/.julia/conda
